all right this is crit this is my music
disc machine and before I show you
exactly how it works i'm going to show
you what it's meant to do
three
hey
9 all right should be good and injured
dropping skeleton BAM dead creeper and
that's how it works ladies and gentlemen
we just finish off these clowns would
you go away all right there's my green
disk awesome put that dispenser there to
injure the creepers but I think punching
them is more efficient so I've already
gotten this to work once oh you know
more creepers all right this I just
can't ignore
debating whether i want to bring them
down or not well i don't have to i
already have a few green discs so how
this thing works is I have a monster
spawning chamber over here this is the
drop zone for spiders now I made a
channel that takes spiders along takes
any any mobs along and here
that's the lava Qatar where the spiders
are killed and anything else that
manages to get past the filter see if I
can find it oh fuck
well that was lame I can fix that later
oh come on you shit all right here's the
yeah there's the filter which I can fix
after this
I still have two creepers to get rid of
I might as well leave it alone for now
and here's the spawning chamber two
platforms and little bit above them
where the monsters can spawn
this is really frustrating and planned
out this part of the video anyway that's
where they're killed the spiders and the
filter takes monsters that are two
blocks high and one block wide and
brings them down a channel here into
here where they sit on a trap door which
was part of the beta 1.6 update which
came out yesterday and to build this you
also need a skeleton done you do but I
have beer holy optical shop opening that
up as my skeleton it's 10 blocks that
direction eight blocks in this no nine
blocks in this direction to see this one
water source right there and another one
down there and they both head towards
their Georgia oh shit
oh this game is scared of the Dead Space
okay
well all this crap away where I play
with the creepers
see if it'll work again what you have to
do you have to have to trap doors
remotely activated be a redstone dump
the monsters in there if there are
zombies or skeletons you can just kill
them if they're creepers that's what you
want one two three
or
Hey oh shit
that's probably good enough drunken
scones and sometimes it does that if you
didn't damage the creeper enough so this
is an example of why you need to hit the
creeper until it's almost dead all right
well now I have to fix all this up and
it broke my dispenser again anyway
that's my video if you do it right you
get music discs